Supporting deployments on zos4 nodes (#3497)
threefoldtech/tfgrid-sdk-ts: packages/grid_client/docs/deployment_flow.md

Reviewer: I suggest having a section that describes the difference between zos3 and zos4

Author: The difference is already stated in the get features call ```await this.rmb.request([nodeTwinId], "zos.system.node_features_get", "", 20, 3);```

# Deployment Flow

> This document outlines the process for determining whether to deploy on a zos3 or zos4 node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document outlines the process for determining whether to deploy on a zos3 or a zos4 node.
```

```ts
const vms: MachinesModel = {
  name: "newMY",
  network: {
    name: "hellotest",
    ip_range: "10.249.0.0/16",
    myceliumSeeds: [
      {
        nodeId: 168,
        seed: "050d109829d8492d48bfb33b711056080571c69e46bfde6b4294c4c5bf468a76", //(HexSeed of length 32)
      },
    ],
  },
  machines: [
    {
      name: "testvmMY",
      node_id: 168,
      disks: [
        {
          name: "wedDisk",
          size: 8,
          mountpoint: "/testdisk",
        },
      ],
      public_ip: false,
      public_ip6: false,
      planetary: true,
      mycelium: true,
      myceliumSeed: "1e1404279b3d", //(HexSeed of length 6)
      cpu: 1,
      memory: 1024 * 2,
      rootfs_size: 0,
      flist: "https://hub.grid.tf/tf-official-apps/base:latest.flist",
      entrypoint: "/sbin/zinit init",
      env: {
        SSH_KEY: config.ssh_key,
      },
    },
  ],
  metadata: "",
  description: "test deploying single VM with mycelium via ts grid3 client",
};
```

## Deployment Execution

- The next step is invoking the `deploy` function:
  - Takes the `MachinesModel` object as a parameter
  - Checks if a machine with the same name already exists and if so throws an error

>   - If not it calls the `_createDeployment` function along some othe functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If not,  then it calls the `_createDeployment` function along with some other functions
```

>   - Finally it returns the created contracts and the wiregaurd configuration

Reviewer 2: what if it is zos4 node? it shouldn't have wireguard configuration 
please also fix `wireguard` typo when used

>   - Finally it returns the created contracts and the wireguard configuration, in case of zos4 node the wireguard configuration is returned empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Finally, the function returns the created contracts. If the deployment is on a zos3 node, then the wireguard configuration is returned as well. 
```

```ts
await client.machines.deploy(vms);
```

- The `_createDeployment` function:
  - Takes the `MachinesModel` object as a parameter
  - Retrieves the features of the node using: `await this.rmb.request([nodeTwinId], "zos.system.node_features_get", "", 20, 3);`
  - Examines the retrieved features to determine the network's primitive type (`Network` or `ZNetworkLight`) and initializes it accordingly.
  - Sets the contractMetadata based on the network type.
  - Invokes the `create` function

```ts
await this._createDeployment(options);
```

- The `create` function
  - Validates or assigns IP addresses based on the network type.
  - Determines network type (`network` or `network-light`) based on node features.
  - Adds access points and updates network configurations as necessary.
  - Initialize the VM primitive (`VMPrimitive` or `VMLightPrimitive`) based on the network type
  - Configures the VM with networking, storage, and environment variables.
  - Generates a Mycelium seed if not provided.
  - Generate the deployments

>   - Returns the deployments and wiregaurd configurations

Reviewer 2: here too, please create separate points in case of a zos3 vs zos4 node

>   - Returns the deployments and wiregaurd configurations and in case of zos4 node the wiregaurd configuration is returned empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Finally, the function returns the created contracts. If the deployment is on a zos3 node, then the wireguard configuration is returned as well. 
```
